[Workers] Pricing partials (#10750)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_queues_pricing.md

{{</Aside>}}

Cloudflare Queues charges for the total number of operations against each of your queues during a given month.

* An operation is counted for each 64 KB of data that is written, read, or deleted.
* Messages larger than 64 KB are charged as if they were multiple messages: for example, a 65 KB message and a 127 KB message would both incur two operation charges when written, read, or deleted.
* A KB is defined as 1,000 bytes, and each message includes approximately 100 bytes of internal metadata.
* Operations are per message, not per batch. A batch of 10 messages (the default batch size), if processed, would incur 10x write, 10x read, and 10x delete operations: one for each message in the batch.
* There are no data transfer (egress) or throughput (bandwidth) charges.

{{<table-wrap>}}

|                     | Free Tier                    | Paid                       |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| Standard operations | 1,000,000 operations / month | $0.40 / million operations |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> In most cases, it takes 3 operations to deliver a message: 1 write, 1 read, and 1 delete. Therefore, you can use the following formula to estimate your monthly bill:

Reviewer: Should 3 and 1 be spelled out?

    ((Number of Messages * 3) - 1,000,000) / 1,000,000  * $0.40

Additionally:

* Each retry incurs a read operation. A batch of 10 messages that is retried would incur 10 operations for each retry.

> * Messages that reach the maximum retries and that are written to a [Dead Letter Queue](/queues/learning/batching-retries) incur a write operation for each 64 KB chunk. A message that was retried 3 times (the default), fails delivery on the fourth time and is written to a Dead Letter Queue would incur five (5) read operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Messages that reach the maximum retries and that are written to a [Dead Letter Queue](/queues/learning/batching-retries) incur a write operation for each 64 KB chunk. A message that was retried three times (the default), fails delivery on the fourth time and is written to a Dead Letter Queue would incur five read operations.
```
